c:\users\kensei\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll.config
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.pdb
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.pdb
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\RobotsTxt.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\RobotsTxt.xml
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WebRole1.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WebRole1.pdb
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\Kensei\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AzureCloudService10\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
